feat: allow opening dependency graph in fullscreen (#31005)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/quiet-papayas-mate.md

---
'@backstage/core-components': patch
---

> Dependency graph can now be opened in fullscreen mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependency graph can now be opened in full screen mode
```
